feat: add 'mousescroll' option (#12355)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/options.txt

	The 'mousemodel' option is set by the |:behave| command.

					*mousescroll*
'mousescroll'		string	(default "ver:3,hor:6")
			global
	This option controls the number of lines / columns to scroll by when
	scrolling with a mouse. The option is a comma separated list of parts.
	Each part consists of a direction and a count as follows:
		direction:count,direction:count

> 	Direction is one of either 'hor' or 'ver', 'hor' controls horizontal
> 	scrolling and 'ver' controls vertical scrolling. Count sets the amount

Reviewer: Double quotes should be used here:
```suggestion
	Direction is one of either "hor" or "ver", "hor" controls horizontal
	scrolling and "ver" controls vertical scrolling. Count sets the amount
```

Author: Made the change. Squashed the commit for cleaner repo history. Thanks for reviewing these old PRs btw 🙂.
